capital = 230 #Yerevan, Armenia

oob = "ARM_1936"

set_war_support = 0.4
set_stability = 0.50 
set_research_slots = 4

# Starting tech
set_technology = {

	# Extended Technologies
	etax_doctrine = 1
	camo = 1
	transport_plane1 = 1	
	
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_military_police = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	paratroopers = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	early_fighter = 1
	fighter1 = 1
	early_bomber = 1
	strategic_bomber1 = 1
}

if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = { has_dlc = "No Step Back" }
	}
	set_technology = { #vanilla keeps the old system, nsb afghanistan will no longer produce some of the most advanced tanks in the world
		gwtank = 1
		basic_light_tank = 1
	}
}

if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "No Step Back"
	}
	set_technology = { 
		gwtank_chassis = 1
		basic_light_tank_chassis = 1
		
	}
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = democratic
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 30
	fascism = 34
	communism = 36
}

recruit_character = ARM_grigor_harutyunyan
recruit_character = ARM_hovhannes_kajaznuni
recruit_character = ARM_jaques_bagratuni
recruit_character = ARM_ruben_ter_minasian
recruit_character = ARM_drastamat_kanayan
recruit_character = ARM_nubar_gulbenkian
recruit_character = ARM_george_mardikian
recruit_character = ARM_alexander_khastisian
recruit_character = ARM_simon_vratsian
recruit_character = ARM_rouben_ter_minassian
recruit_character = ARM_ruben_darbinyan
recruit_character = ARM_khoren_I
recruit_character = ARM_gevorg_VI
recruit_character = ARM_abraham_giulchandanian
recruit_character = ARM_movses_silikyan
recruit_character = ARM_christopher_araratyan
recruit_character = ARM_migran_petrosian
recruit_character = ARM_aleksandr_hatisian
recruit_character = ARM_grigor_saaruni
recruit_character = ARM_anastas_mikoyan
recruit_character = ARM_aram_piruzyan
recruit_character = ARM_sarkis_galajyan
recruit_character = ARM_karo_halabyan
recruit_character = ARM_generic_monarchist
recruit_character = ARM_artashes_vasilyan
recruit_character = ARM_nver_safaryan
recruit_character = ARM_ashot_sarkisov
recruit_character = ARM_valerian_surabekov
recruit_character = ARM_wartan_sarkisian
recruit_character = ARM_misak_torlakian
recruit_character = ARM_garegin_nzhdeh
recruit_character = ARM_hamazasp_babadzhanian
recruit_character = ARM_sergey_aganov
recruit_character = ARM_armenak_artem_hanperiants
recruit_character = ARM_nelson_stepanyan
recruit_character = ARM_alexey_gevorkov
recruit_character = ARM_hovhannes_ter_isahakyan
recruit_character = ARM_hovhannes_bagramyan
recruit_character = ARM_vladimir_saakian
recruit_character = ARM_abraham_alikhanov


# characters will need to be added for these

#create_country_leader = {
	#name = "Drastamat Kanayan"
	#desc = ""
	#picture = "gfx/leaders/ARM/r56_portrait_ARM_Drastamat_Kanayan.dds"
	#expire = "1953.3.1"
	#ideology = fascism_ideology
	#traits = {
		
	#}
#}

#create_country_leader = {
	#name = "Hovhannes Kajaznuni"
	#desc = ""
	#picture = "gfx/leaders/ARM/r56_portrait_ARM_Hovhannes_Kajaznuni.dds"
	#expire = "1953.3.1"
	#ideology = conservatism
	#traits = {
		
	#}
#}

#create_country_leader = { #37 to 53, the predecessors were purged
	#name = "Grigor Harutyunyan"
	#desc = ""
	#picture = "gfx/leaders/ARM/r56_portrait_ARM_Grigory_Arutinov.dds"
	#expire = "1953.3.1"
	#ideology = stalinism
	#traits = {
		
	#}
#}

#create_country_leader = {
	#name = "Jaques Bagratuni"
	#desc = ""
	#picture = "gfx/leaders/ARM/r56_portrait_ARM_Jaques_Bagratuni.dds"
	#expire = "1953.3.1"
	#ideology = despotism
	#traits = {
		#r56_trait_opposed_to_communism
	#}
#}