capital = 311

oob = "BLZ_1936"

set_war_support = 0.1
set_convoys = 10
set_stability = 0.50 
set_research_slots = 2

# Starting tech
set_technology = {

	# Extended Technologies
	etax_doctrine = 1
	camo = 1
	
	infantry_weapons = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
		set_technology = {
		
		}
	else = {
		set_technology = {	
			early_fighter = 1
		}
	}
}
set_country_flag = monroe_doctrine

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = democratic
	last_election = "1933.2.16"
	election_frequency = 36
	elections_allowed = yes
}
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 40
	communism = 25
	neutrality = 35
}

recruit_character = BLZ_communist_guy
recruit_character = BLZ_aa2
recruit_character = BLZ_ar
recruit_character = BLZ_acd2
recruit_character = BLZ_acr
recruit_character = BLZ_coi
recruit_character = BLZ_acas
recruit_character = BLZ_awt
recruit_character = BLZ_pot
recruit_character = BLZ_nccr
recruit_character = BLZ_aco2
recruit_character = BLZ_democratic_guy
recruit_character = BLZ_ncs
recruit_character = BLZ_acgs
recruit_character = BLZ_ncm
recruit_character = BLZ_mt
recruit_character = BLZ_nt
recruit_character = BLZ_ai2
recruit_character = BLZ_fascist_guy
recruit_character = BLZ_stc
