capital = 288

#oob = ""

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	# Extended Technologies
	etax_doctrine = 1
	camo = 1
	
	infantry_weapons = 1
}

set_convoys = 5
set_research_slots = 3

recruit_character = BRM_hmu_aung
recruit_character = BRM_acgs
recruit_character = BRM_saw_shi_sho
recruit_character = BRM_stc
recruit_character = BRM_khin_maung_bo
recruit_character = BRM_democratic_guy
recruit_character = BRM_communist_guy
recruit_character = BRM_coi
recruit_character = BRM_pot
recruit_character = BRM_aa2
recruit_character = BRM_awt
recruit_character = BRM_acas
recruit_character = BRM_mt
recruit_character = BRM_nccr
recruit_character = BRM_ai2
recruit_character = BRM_ncs
recruit_character = BRM_let_ya
recruit_character = BRM_smith_dun
recruit_character = BRM_nt
recruit_character = BRM_ar
recruit_character = BRM_fascist_guy


# characters will need to be added for these

create_country_leader = {
	name = "Ba Maw"
	picture = "gfx/leaders/Asia/Portrait_Asia_Generic_land_4.dds"
	expire = "1965.1.1"
	ideology = fascism_ideology
	traits = {
		
	}
}
create_country_leader = {
	name = "U Nu"
	picture = "gfx/leaders/BRM/r56_portrait_BRM_U_Nu.dds"
	expire = "1965.1.1"
	ideology = conservatism
	traits = {
		
	}
}
create_country_leader = {
	name = "Aung San"
	picture = "gfx/leaders/BRM/r56_portrait_BRM_Aung_San.dds"
	expire = "1965.1.1"
	ideology = marxism
	traits = {
		r56_trait_opposed_to_fascism
	}
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = democratic
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 72
	fascism = 2
	communism = 14
	neutrality = 12
}
