capital = 994

oob = "CUB_1936"

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	# Extended Technologies
	etax_doctrine = 1
	camo = 1	

	infantry_weapons = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	basic_train = 1
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
		set_air_oob = "CUB_1936_air_bba"
	else = {
		set_air_oob = "CUB_1936_air_legacy"
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
		set_technology = {
			iw_small_airframe = 1
			engines_1 = 1
			aa_lmg = 1		
		}
	else = {
		set_technology = {
			early_fighter = 1
		}
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
	}
	set_naval_oob = "CUB_1936_naval_mtg"
	set_technology = {
		basic_naval_mines = 1
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		basic_depth_charges = 1
		mtg_transport = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { NOT = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" } }
		set_naval_oob = "CUB_1936_naval_legacy"
		set_technology = {
		early_destroyer = 1
		transport = 1
	}
}

recruit_character = CUB_josé_agripino_barnet
recruit_character = CUB_blas_roca_calderio
recruit_character = CUB_alfonso_serrano_villarino
recruit_character = CUB_carlos_rafael_rodriguez
recruit_character = CUB_antonio_avendano
recruit_character = CUB_genovevo_perez_damera
recruit_character = CUB_fulgencio_batista
recruit_character = CUB_francisco_tabernilla
recruit_character = CUB_martin_diaz
recruit_character = CUB_mario_ramirez_delgado
recruit_character = CUB_jose_marti_zayas_bazan
recruit_character = CUB_rodriguez_calderon
recruit_character = CUB_pedro_portuondo
recruit_character = CUB_pedro_rodriguez_avila
recruit_character = CUB_rafael_montalvo_morales
recruit_character = CUB_alberto_franchi
recruit_character = CUB_cosme_peraza
recruit_character = CUB_daniel_gispert_garcia

recruit_character = CUB_domingo_r_del_toro
recruit_character = CUB_eduardo_chibas
recruit_character = CUB_sergio_carbo
recruit_character = CUB_carlos_prio
recruit_character = CUB_fabio_grobart
recruit_character = CUB_raul_castillo
recruit_character = CUB_carlos_hevia
recruit_character = CUB_manuel_bisbe_alberni
recruit_character = CUB_meyer_lansky

#recruit_character = CUB_sandalio_junco
#recruit_character = CUB_angel_gonzalez
#recruit_character = CUB_agustin_parla_arduna
#recruit_character = CUB_mario_torres_menier

generate_character = {
	token_base = generic_air_warfare_theorist # token will be TAG_token_base
	advisor = {
		slot = theorist
		traits = { air_warfare_theorist }
		ledger = air
		cost = 100
	}
	portraits = {
		army = { small = GFX_idea_generic_air_warfare_theorist }
	}
}
generate_character = {
	token_base = generic_air_warfare_theorist # token will be TAG_token_base
	advisor = {
		slot = theorist
		traits = { military_theorist }
		ledger = army
		cost = 100
	}
	portraits = {
		army = { small = GFX_idea_generic_military_theorist }
	}
}
generate_character = {
	token_base = generic_air_warfare_theorist # token will be TAG_token_base
	advisor = {
		slot = theorist
		traits = { naval_theorist }
		ledger = navy
		cost = 100
	}
	portraits = {
		army = { small = GFX_idea_generic_naval_theorist }
	}
}
generate_character = {
	token_base = generic_air_chief_all_weather # token will be TAG_token_base
	advisor = {
		slot = air_chief
		traits = { air_chief_all_weather_2 }
		cost = 100
	}
	portraits = {
		army = { small = GFX_idea_generic_air_chief_all_weather }
	}
}


set_country_flag = monroe_doctrine
set_war_support = 0.1
set_convoys = 20

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = democratic
	last_election = "1936.1.10"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 95
	communism = 5
}

add_ideas = {
	CUB_batistas_influence
	CUB_american_influence
	CUB_recovering_sugar_industry
}

if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "CS1 Class"
		type = ship_hull_light_1
		name_group = CUB_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = { # American submarine chasers built in 1918 then transfered to Cuba later the same year - remained in service until the 1950s
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_depth_charge_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
	}
}

if = {
	limit = { NOT = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" } }
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "CS1 Class"
		type = destroyer_1
		upgrades = { # American submarine chasers built in 1918 then transfered to Cuba later the same year - remained in service until the 1950s
			ship_reliability_upgrade = 1
			ship_engine_upgrade = 1
			ship_gun_upgrade = 1
			ship_anti_air_upgrade = 1
		}
	}
}