capital = 539

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	# Extended Technologies
	etax_doctrine = 1
	camo = 1

	infantry_weapons = 1
}

set_convoys = 20

recruit_character = GAB_aa2
recruit_character = GAB_democratic_guy
recruit_character = GAB_acgs
recruit_character = GAB_ncm
recruit_character = GAB_nt
recruit_character = GAB_acas
recruit_character = GAB_awt
recruit_character = GAB_pot
recruit_character = GAB_stc
recruit_character = GAB_acd2
recruit_character = GAB_communist_guy
recruit_character = GAB_aco2
recruit_character = GAB_fascist_guy
recruit_character = GAB_coi
recruit_character = GAB_ar
recruit_character = GAB_nccr
recruit_character = GAB_mt
recruit_character = GAB_ai2
recruit_character = GAB_ncs
recruit_character = GAB_acr

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 25
	fascism = 20
	communism = 5
	neutrality = 50
}

create_country_leader = {
	name = "Mathurin Anghiley"
	desc = ""
	picture = "gfx/leaders/kr_generic/Portrait_Africa_Generic_new_4.dds"
	expire = "1965.1.1"
	ideology = moderatism
	traits = {
		silent_mule
	}
}

create_country_leader = {

	name = "Léon M'ba"
	picture = "gfx/leaders/r56_generic/r56_portrait_generic_politician_africa_2.dds"
	expire = "1965.1.1"
	ideology = conservatism
	traits={ 
		priest
	}
}