capital = 274

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	# Extended Technologies
	etax_doctrine = 1
	camo = 1
	
	infantry_weapons = 1
}

set_convoys = 15

recruit_character = GHA_acd2
recruit_character = GHA_communist_guy
recruit_character = GHA_acr
recruit_character = GHA_fascist_guy
recruit_character = GHA_aa2
recruit_character = GHA_democratic_guy
recruit_character = GHA_ncm
recruit_character = GHA_nt
recruit_character = GHA_awt
recruit_character = GHA_ar
recruit_character = GHA_stc
recruit_character = GHA_ai2
recruit_character = GHA_aco2
recruit_character = GHA_ncs
recruit_character = GHA_coi
recruit_character = GHA_acgs
recruit_character = GHA_acas
recruit_character = GHA_pot
recruit_character = GHA_nccr
recruit_character = GHA_mt

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 25
	fascism = 20
	communism = 5
	neutrality = 50
}
create_country_leader = {	
	name = "Kwame Nkrumah"
	picture = "gfx/leaders/kr_generic/Portrait_Africa_Generic_new_3.dds"
	expire = "1975.1.1"
	ideology = socialism
	traits = {
		
	}
}
create_country_leader = {	#Brother of Joseph Kwame Kyeretwie Boakye Danquah who should be somewhere
	name = "Ofori Atta I"
	picture = "gfx/leaders/kr_generic/Portrait_Africa_Generic_new_4.dds"
	expire = "1943.1.1"
	ideology = centrism
	traits = {
		
	}
}
#Augustus William Kojo Thompson->Kojo Thompson

#James Stewart successor of Marcus Garvey