capital = 101

oob = "GRL_1936"

set_research_slots = 2
set_stability = 0.7
set_war_support = 0.7

add_ideas = {
	limited_conscription
}

set_technology = {
	# Extended Technologies
	etax_doctrine = 1
	camo = 1
	transport_plane1 = 1	
	winter_clothes_gw = 1
	
	tech_support = 1
	infantry_weapons = 1
	transport = 1
}

recruit_character = GRL_eske_brun
recruit_character = GRL_aksel_svane
recruit_character = GRL_greenland_worker_councils
recruit_character = GRL_knud_oldendow
recruit_character = GRL_eli_knudsen
recruit_character = GRL_christian_arke
recruit_character = GRL_willhelm_dege
recruit_character = GRL_malekalet_arke
recruit_character = GRL_aage_de_lemos
recruit_character = GRL_edward_h_smith
recruit_character = GRL_ib_poulsen
recruit_character = GRL_jens_marius_jensen
recruit_character = GRL_peter_nielsen
recruit_character = GRL_kurt_olsen
recruit_character = GRL_coi
recruit_character = GRL_awt
recruit_character = GRL_nt
recruit_character = GRL_aco2
recruit_character = GRL_nccr
recruit_character = GRL_acr
recruit_character = GRL_acgs
recruit_character = GRL_ncs
recruit_character = GRL_nft
recruit_character = GRL_acas

set_convoys = 1

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = democratic
	last_election = "1935.1.15"
	election_frequency = 72
	elections_allowed = yes
}
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 80
	fascism = 1
	neutrality = 19
}