capital = 100

oob = "ICE_1936"

set_technology = {
	etax_doctrine = 1
	camo = 1
	transport_plane1 = 1	

	infantry_weapons = 1
	tech_support = 1
}

if = {
	limit = { not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" } }
	set_technology = {
		early_submarine = 1
		early_light_cruiser = 1
		transport = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	set_technology = {
		basic_naval_mines = 1
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		basic_light_battery = 1
		basic_medium_battery = 1
		basic_torpedo = 1
		basic_depth_charges = 1
		basic_secondary_battery = 1
		mtg_transport = 1
	}
}

add_ideas = {
	ICE_icelandic_neutrality
	ICE_christian_x
}

recruit_character = ICE_hermann_jonasson
recruit_character = ICE_gisli_sigurbjornsson
recruit_character = ICE_brynjolfur_bjarnason
recruit_character = ICE_jon_baldvinsson
recruit_character = ICE_sveinn_bjornsson
recruit_character = ICE_tryggvi_porhallsson
recruit_character = ICE_einar_arnalds
recruit_character = ICE_olafur_sveinsson
recruit_character = ICE_magnus_jonsson
recruit_character = ICE_einar_olgeirsson
recruit_character = ICE_stefan_stefansson
recruit_character = ICE_eidur_kvaran
recruit_character = ICE_bjorn_olafsson
recruit_character = ICE_olafur_johannesson
recruit_character = ICE_bjorn_bordarson
recruit_character = ICE_asgeir_asgeirsson
recruit_character = ICE_bjorn_bjornsson
recruit_character = ICE_eysteinn_jonsson
recruit_character = ICE_agnar_hansen
recruit_character = ICE_borsteinn_jonsson
recruit_character = ICE_richard_thors
recruit_character = ICE_thor_jensen
recruit_character = ICE_johannes_snorrason
recruit_character = ICE_olafur_thors
recruit_character = ICE_erling_ellingsen
recruit_character = ICE_pot
recruit_character = ICE_acd2
recruit_character = ICE_ar
recruit_character = ICE_acas

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = democratic
	last_election = "1934.6.24"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 64
	fascism = 1
	communism = 10
	neutrality = 25
}

set_convoys = 20
set_stability = 0.9
set_war_support = 0.15
