capital = 8

oob = "LUX_1936"

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	etax_doctrine = 1
	camo = 1
		
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_engineers = 1
	basic_train = 1
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
	set_technology = {
		iw_small_airframe = 1
		engines_1 = 1
		aa_lmg = 1
	}
	else = {
		set_technology = {
			early_fighter = 1
		}
	}
}
set_country_flag = started_out_as_landlocked
add_ideas = {
	disarmed_nation
	r56_legacy_of_luxembourg_crisis_1
	BEL_LUX_BEL_customs_union
	r56_LUX_economic_dependence_1
	LUX_charlotte
}
recruit_character = LUX_joseph_bech
recruit_character = LUX_duchess_charlotte
recruit_character = LUX_zenon_bernard
recruit_character = LUX_damian_kratzenberg
recruit_character = LUX_camille_dennemeyer
recruit_character = LUX_prince_jean
recruit_character = LUX_charles_marx
recruit_character = LUX_dominique_urbany
recruit_character = LUX_joseph_schuster
recruit_character = LUX_victor_bodson
recruit_character = LUX_pierre_dupong
recruit_character = LUX_damien_roeser
recruit_character = LUX_guillaume_konsbruck
recruit_character = LUX_emile_speller
recruit_character = LUX_lou_hemmer
recruit_character = LUX_henri_stein
recruit_character = LUX_felix_de_bourbon_parme
recruit_character = LUX_edouard_kremmer
recruit_character = LUX_mathias_krier
recruit_character = LUX_aloyse_jacoby
recruit_character = LUX_pierre_krier
recruit_character = LUX_martin_karp
recruit_character = LUX_emile_reuter
recruit_character = LUX_rene_blum
recruit_character = LUX_eugene_schaus
recruit_character = LUX_nicolas_braunshausen
recruit_character = LUX_gaston_diderich
recruit_character = LUX_navy_chief

set_war_support = 0.1
set_stability = 0.65

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = democratic
	last_election = "1934.6.3"
	election_frequency = 36
	elections_allowed = yes
}
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 74.5
	fascism = 9
	communism = 6.5
	neutrality = 10
}

country_event = {		# Maulkuerfgesetz failing
	id = luxembourg.201
	months = 15
	days = 23
}

country_event = {		# 1937 elections start
	id = luxembourg.210
	months = 12
	random_days = 30
}
# election results
country_event = {	# PD
	id = luxembourg.211
	months = 17
	days = 6
}
country_event = {	# PRL
	id = luxembourg.212
	months = 17
	days = 6
}
country_event = {	# LSAP
	id = luxembourg.213
	months = 17
	days = 6
}
country_event = {	# KPL
	id = luxembourg.214
	months = 17
	days = 6
}
country_event = {	# monarchist & fascist
	id = luxembourg.215
	months = 17
	days = 6
}


if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "La Resistance"
	}
	create_operative_leader = {
		name = "Léon-Henri Roth"
		gfx = GFX_portrait_europe_generic_operative_m_13
		traits = { operative_infiltrator }
		bypass_recruitment = no
		available_to_spy_master = yes
		nationalities = { LUX GER }
	}

	create_operative_leader = {
		name = "Walter Hamber"
		gfx = GFX_portrait_europe_generic_operative_m_18
		traits = { }
		bypass_recruitment = no
		available_to_spy_master = yes
		nationalities = { LUX GER AUS }
	}

	create_operative_leader = {
		name = "Albert Joseph Wingert"
		gfx = GFX_portrait_europe_generic_operative_m_20
		traits = { }
		bypass_recruitment = no
		available_to_spy_master = yes
		nationalities = { LUX GER FRA }
	}
	
}

