capital = 277

set_stability = 0.45
set_war_support = 0.15

oob = "MEX_1936"
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
		set_naval_oob = "MEX_1936_naval_mtg"
	else = {
		set_naval_oob = "MEX_1936_naval_legacy"
	}
}

# Starting tech - WWI level tech that was spurred by the Revolution and Escobar Rebellion.
set_technology = {

	# Extended Technologies
	etax_doctrine = 1
	camo = 1
	

	# infantry
	infantry_weapons = 1
	gw_artillery = 1

	# planes


	interwar_antiair = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
	fuel_refining = 1
	basic_train = 1

	#just add those techs per default...
	support_weapons = 1
	tech_support = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_military_police = 1
	transport = 1
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
	set_air_oob = "MEX_1936_air_bba"
		set_technology = {
			aa_lmg = 1
			engines_1 = 1
			early_bombs = 1
			aircraft_construction = 1
			iw_small_airframe = 1
		}
	else = {
		set_air_oob = "MEX_1936_air_legacy"
		set_technology = {
			
			early_fighter = 1
				
			early_bomber = 1
			CAS1 = 1
		}
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "La Resistance"
	}
	set_technology = {
		armored_car1 = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = { has_dlc = "No Step Back" }
	}
	set_technology = {
		gwtank = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "No Step Back"
	}
	set_technology = {
		gwtank_chassis = 1
	}
}
#Ships
if = {
	limit = { not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" } }
	set_technology = {
		early_submarine = 1
		early_destroyer = 1
		early_light_cruiser = 1
		early_heavy_cruiser = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	set_technology = {
		basic_naval_mines = 1
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		early_light_cruiser = 1
		early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		#basic_secondary_battery = 1
		coastal_defense_ships = 1
	}
}

add_ideas = {
	MEX_porfiriato_heritage_idea
	MEX_maximato_legacy
	MEX_jenkins_blockade
	MEX_constable_army
	MEX_low_literacy_rate
}

set_country_flag = monroe_doctrine

set_convoys = 45

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1934.7.1"
	election_frequency = 72
	elections_allowed = yes
}
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 5
	fascism = 6
	communism = 9
	neutrality = 80
}

recruit_character = MEX_lazaro_cardenas
recruit_character = MEX_salvador_abascal
recruit_character = MEX_adolfo_de_la_huerta
recruit_character = MEX_dionisio_encina
recruit_character = MEX_hernan_laborde
recruit_character = MEX_manuel_gomez_morin
recruit_character = MEX_heliodoro_charis
recruit_character = MEX_luis_farell
recruit_character = MEX_gildardo_magana
recruit_character = MEX_manuel_perez_trevino
recruit_character = MEX_maximino_avila_camacho
recruit_character = MEX_manuel_avila_camacho
recruit_character = MEX_othon_blanco
recruit_character = MEX_heriberto_corona
recruit_character = MEX_antonio_cardenas_rodriguez
recruit_character = MEX_jesus_garza_siller
recruit_character = MEX_gilberto_limon
recruit_character = MEX_pablo_macias
recruit_character = MEX_jose_gonzalo_escobar
recruit_character = MEX_agustin_olachea
recruit_character = MEX_leon_trotsky
recruit_character = MEX_saturnino_cedillo
recruit_character = MEX_hector_meixueiro
recruit_character = MEX_matias_santos_ramos
recruit_character = MEX_enrique_estrada
recruit_character = MEX_alfonso_tabon
recruit_character = MEX_jose_vasconcelos
recruit_character = MEX_pablo_gonzalez
recruit_character = MEX_bartolome_garcia_correa
recruit_character = MEX_luis_montes_de_oca
recruit_character = MEX_aaron_saenz
recruit_character = MEX_vicente_lombardo
recruit_character = MEX_eduardo_hay
recruit_character = MEX_alberto_pani
recruit_character = MEX_juan_andreu
recruit_character = MEX_juan_andreu_almazan
recruit_character = MEX_plutarco_calles
recruit_character = MEX_francisco_mugica
recruit_character = MEX_luis_maria_martinez
recruit_character = MEX_andres_figeroa
recruit_character = MEX_jesus_degollado_guizar
recruit_character = MEX_valentin_campa
recruit_character = MEX_gustavo_l_gonzalez

#some extra r56 characters which have some real basis - Fantom 
recruit_character = MEX_juan_guillermo_villasana


### VARIANTS ###
# 1936 Start #
if = {
	limit = { not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" } }
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Durango Class"
		type = destroyer_1
		upgrades = {
			ship_anti_air_upgrade = 1
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Nicolás Bravo Class"
		type = destroyer_1
		upgrades = {
			ship_torpedo_upgrade = 1
			destroyer_engine_upgrade = 1
			ship_ASW_upgrade = 1
			ship_anti_air_upgrade = 2
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Progreso Class"
		type = light_cruiser_1
		upgrades = {
			ship_torpedo_upgrade = 2
			destroyer_engine_upgrade = 1
			ship_ASW_upgrade = 1
			ship_anti_air_upgrade = 1
		}
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	# Destroyers #
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Nicolás Bravo Class"
		type = ship_hull_light_1
		name_group = MEX_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Durango Class"			# represents both Guanajuato and Durango classes (gunboats)
		type = ship_hull_light_1
		name_group = MEX_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
	}
	#added from base game but don't really know what it is
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Progreso Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = SPR_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}

	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Anahuac Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_coastal_defense_ship
		name_group = MEX_CA_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_medium_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
		}
	}
}
