capital = 281

#oob = ""

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	# Extended Technologies
	etax_doctrine = 1
	camo = 1

	infantry_weapons = 1
}

set_convoys = 20

recruit_character = MLD_ncm
recruit_character = MLD_acd2
recruit_character = MLD_democratic_guy
recruit_character = MLD_fascist_guy
recruit_character = MLD_coi
recruit_character = MLD_ar
recruit_character = MLD_aa2
recruit_character = MLD_awt
recruit_character = MLD_acgs
recruit_character = MLD_mt
recruit_character = MLD_nccr
recruit_character = MLD_aco2
recruit_character = MLD_nt
recruit_character = MLD_communist_guy
recruit_character = MLD_pot
recruit_character = MLD_acas
recruit_character = MLD_acr
recruit_character = MLD_stc
recruit_character = MLD_ai2
recruit_character = MLD_ncs



set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 23
	fascism = 1
	communism = 1
	neutrality = 75
}

create_country_leader = {
	
	name = "Hassan Nooraddeen Iskandar II"
	picture = "gfx/leaders/kr_generic/Portrait_India_Generic_land_new_9.dds"
	expire = "1943.4.5"
	ideology = constitutional_monarchy
	traits = {
         BUL_economic_stabilizer
	}
}
