capital = 781

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	etax_doctrine = 1
	camo = 1
	infantry_weapons = 1
}

set_convoys = 0

recruit_character = NGR_pot
recruit_character = NGR_mt
recruit_character = NGR_awt
recruit_character = NGR_acgs
recruit_character = NGR_communist_guy
recruit_character = NGR_coi
recruit_character = NGR_ar
recruit_character = NGR_acr
recruit_character = NGR_nccr
recruit_character = NGR_ncm
recruit_character = NGR_aco2
recruit_character = NGR_stc
recruit_character = NGR_aa2
recruit_character = NGR_ncs
recruit_character = NGR_nt
recruit_character = NGR_democratic_guy
recruit_character = NGR_fascist_guy
recruit_character = NGR_ai2
recruit_character = NGR_acas
recruit_character = NGR_acd2

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 25
	fascism = 20
	communism = 5
	neutrality = 50
}
create_country_leader = { 
	name = "Hamani Diori"
	picture = "gfx/leaders/kr_generic/Portrait_Africa_Generic_new_5.dds"
	expire = "1965.1.1"
	ideology = moderatism
	traits = {
		#
	}
}
create_country_leader = { 
	name = "Djibo Bakary"
	picture = "gfx/leaders/kr_generic/Portrait_Africa_Generic_new_3.dds"
	expire = "1965.1.1"
	ideology = socialism
	traits = {
		#
	}
}