capital = 327

oob = "PHI_1936"

set_convoys = 5
set_war_support = 0.4
set_stability = 0.48
set_research_slots = 3

set_technology = {

	# Extended Technologies
	etax_doctrine = 1
	camo = 1
	
	
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_support = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	tech_trucks = 1
	
    tech_recon = 1
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
		set_technology = {
			iw_small_airframe = 1
			iw_medium_airframe = 1
			engines_1 = 1
			aa_lmg = 1
			early_bombs = 1
		}
		else = {
		set_technology = {
			early_fighter = 1
			early_bomber = 1
		}
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "La Resistance"
		PHI = { is_ai = no }
	}
	set_technology = {
		armored_car1 = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	}
	set_technology = {
		transport = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
	}
	set_technology = {
		mtg_transport = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = { has_dlc = "No Step Back" }
	}
	set_technology = {
		gwtank = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "No Step Back"
	}
	set_technology = {
		gwtank_chassis = 1
	}
}

# DIPLOMACY
USA = {
	set_autonomy = {
		target = PHI
		autonomous_state = autonomy_protectorate
		freedom_level = 0.25
	}
}
set_rule = { units_deployed_to_overlord = no }

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = democratic
	last_election = "1935.9.16"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}

set_popularities = {
	democratic = 68
	fascism = 2
	communism = 18
	neutrality = 12
}

recruit_character = PHI_manuel_luis_quezon
recruit_character = PHI_crisanto_evangelista
recruit_character = PHI_andres_roxas_soriano
recruit_character = PHI_pelagio_cruz
recruit_character = PHI_jose_v_andrada
recruit_character = PHI_paulino_santos
recruit_character = PHI_gregorio_aglipay
#PHI_leoncio_s_tan
recruit_character = PHI_mateo_capinpin
recruit_character = PHI_enrique_l_jurado
recruit_character = PHI_fidel_v_segundo


recruit_character = PHI_benito_n_ebuen
recruit_character = PHI_basilio_fernando
recruit_character = PHI_basilio_j_valdez
recruit_character = PHI_santiago_nuval
recruit_character = PHI_heracleo_alano
recruit_character = PHI_ramon_a_alcaraz
recruit_character = PHI_victor_h_dizon
recruit_character = PHI_edwin_andrews
recruit_character = PHI_eustacio_orobia
recruit_character = PHI_vicente_p_lim
recruit_character = PHI_hilario_abellana
recruit_character = PHI_juan_sumulong
recruit_character = PHI_sergio_osmena
recruit_character = PHI_rafael_palma
recruit_character = PHI_enrique_zobel
recruit_character = PHI_franz_josef
recruit_character = PHI_benigno_ramos
recruit_character = PHI_carlos_romulo
recruit_character = PHI_guy_fort
recruit_character = PHI_alfredo_santos
recruit_character = PHI_manuel_roxas

#José Paciano Laurel y García chief pro japanese gov.

add_ideas = {
	PHI_unstable_state
	PHI_tyding_mcduffie_act
}

add_timed_idea = {
	idea = PHI_ideological_rebels
	days = 1096
}