capital = 622

oob = "PRC_1936"
set_country_flag = started_out_as_landlocked
# Starting tech
set_technology = {

	# Extended Technologies
	etax_doctrine = 1
	camo = 1
	transport_plane1 = 1	
	r56_militia_tech = 1
	
	infantry_weapons = 1
	mass_assault = 1
}
set_stability = 0.6
set_war_support = 0.7

save_global_event_target_as = WTT_communist_china

add_timed_idea = {
	days = 300
	idea = PRC_devastating_long_march
}

set_cosmetic_tag = GCDguerilla

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = communism
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	communism = 100
}

add_ideas = {
	closed_economy
	propaganda_recruits
	PRC_defeatism_1
	PRC_underestimation
	PRC_guerilla_warfare
	PRC_lack_skilled_personnel
	incompetent_industry_fake
	incompetent_industry_fake_navy
}

add_opinion_modifier = { target = CHI modifier = hostile_status }

recruit_character = PRC_military_committee_of_prc
recruit_character = PRC_mao_zedong
recruit_character = PRC_zhu_de
recruit_character = PRC_chen_yi
recruit_character = PRC_peng_dehuai
recruit_character = PRC_lin_biao
recruit_character = PRC_he_long
recruit_character = PRC_luo_rong_huan
recruit_character = PRC_kwong_hu
recruit_character = PRC_luo_zhao
recruit_character = PRC_liang_ma
recruit_character = PRC_ma_jin
recruit_character = PRC_ziao_jingguang
recruit_character = PRC_nie_rongzhen
recruit_character = PRC_su_yu
recruit_character = PRC_liu_bocheng
recruit_character = PRC_chen_geng
recruit_character = PRC_gao_qiu
recruit_character = PRC_liang_shen
recruit_character = PRC_otto_braun
recruit_character = PRC_gao_gang
recruit_character = PRC_fang_zeyi
recruit_character = PRC_xu_xiangqian
recruit_character = PRC_deng_ye_peng
recruit_character = PRC_ye_jianying
recruit_character = PRC_hsia_tian
recruit_character = PRC_zhang_wei
recruit_character = PRC_zhou_enlai
recruit_character = PRC_liu_shaoqi
recruit_character = PRC_lin_bojiu
recruit_character = PRC_dong_biwu
recruit_character = PRC_he_yuandang

if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "La Resistance"
	}
	create_operative_leader = {
		name = "Chen Gang"
		GFX = GFX_r56_portrait_asia_generic_operative_m_4
		traits = { operative_natural_orator }
		bypass_recruitment = no
		available_to_spy_master = yes
		nationalities = { PRC }
	}	
}

set_research_slots = 3
