capital = 439

oob = "RAJ_1936"
if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = {
			has_global_flag = raj_tfv_focus_tree
		}
	}
	country_event = {
		id = india.1
		days = 32
	}
}
every_unit_leader = {
	set_unit_leader_flag = ENG_colonial_commander
}


if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "Battle for the Bosporus"
	}
	set_technology = { camelry = 1 }
	load_oob = camel_template
}
set_stability = 0.6
set_war_support = 0.1
# Starting tech
set_technology = {

	# Extended Technologies
	etax_doctrine = 1
	camo = 1
	transport_plane1 = 1	

	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_support = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	early_fighter = 1
	cv_early_fighter = 1
	naval_bomber1 = 1
	early_bomber = 1
	CAS1 = 1
	early_destroyer = 1
	trench_warfare = 1
	fleet_in_being = 1
	fuel_silos = 1

	basic_train = 1
}

if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "La Resistance"
	}
	set_technology = {
		armored_car1 = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	}
	set_technology = {
		transport = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
	}
	set_technology = {
		mtg_transport = 1
		basic_naval_mines = 1
		submarine_mine_laying = 1
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = { has_dlc = "No Step Back" }
	}
	set_technology = {
		gwtank = 1
		basic_light_tank = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "No Step Back"
	}
	set_technology = {
		gwtank_chassis = 1
		basic_light_tank_chassis = 1
	}
}

if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Together for Victory" }

	#add_ideas = {
	#	RAJ_princely_states
	#	RAJ_marginalized_muslim_community
	#	RAJ_agrarian_society
	#	RAJ_risk_of_famine
	#}

	add_to_tech_sharing_group = commonwealth_research
}
add_ideas = {
	RAJ_Agrarian_Economy
	RAJ_Caste_Debuff_3
	RAJ_Princely_States
}

set_convoys = 20

set_cosmetic_tag = RAJ_UK # British Raj

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1935.11.14"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
	democratic = 23
	fascism = 2
	communism = 3
	neutrality = 72
}
recruit_character = RAJ_lord_willingdon
recruit_character = RAJ_lord_linlithgow
recruit_character = RAJ_rajendra_prasad
recruit_character = RAJ_sir_sikander_hayat_khan
recruit_character = RAJ_v._d._savarkar
recruit_character = RAJ_jayaprakash_narayan
recruit_character = RAJ_p._krishna_pillai
recruit_character = RAJ_noel_beresfordpeirse
recruit_character = RAJ_frank_messervy
recruit_character = RAJ_douglas_gracey
recruit_character = RAJ_herbert_fitzherbert
recruit_character = RAJ_w_h_gould_bradford
recruit_character = RAJ_william_e_parry
recruit_character = RAJ_sarojini_naidu
recruit_character = RAJ_reginald_savory
recruit_character = RAJ_pramod_ranjan_sengupta
recruit_character = RAJ_arjan_singh_vibhusan
recruit_character = RAJ_mahatma_mohandas_gandhi
recruit_character = RAJ_arthur_a_barrett
recruit_character = RAJ_bhaskar_soman
recruit_character = RAJ_ravindra_darshan_singh
recruit_character = RAJ_bhimrao_ramji_ambedkar
recruit_character = RAJ_kodandera_cariappa
recruit_character = RAJ_Francis_Mudie
recruit_character = RAJ_homi_j_bhabha
recruit_character = RAJ_subhas_chanda_bose_tfv
recruit_character = RAJ_anyang_bhula
recruit_character = RAJ_john_mathai
recruit_character = RAJ_mohan_singh
recruit_character = RAJ_karam_singh_mann
recruit_character = RAJ_mehar_singh
recruit_character = RAJ_Chhotu_Ram
recruit_character = RAJ_jack_higgins
recruit_character = RAJ_aspy_merwan_engineer
recruit_character = RAJ_subroto_mukherjee
recruit_character = RAJ_Narendra_Deva
recruit_character = RAJ_Jwala_Prasad_Srivastava
recruit_character = RAJ_arjan_singh_vibhushan
recruit_character = RAJ_ram_dass_katari
recruit_character = RAJ_louis_mountbatten
recruit_character = RAJ_archibald_wavell
recruit_character = RAJ_Shripad_Amrit_Dange
recruit_character = RAJ_agha_khan_iii
recruit_character = RAJ_ram_singh_thakur
recruit_character = RAJ_Ram_Manohar
recruit_character = RAJ_Sir_Jeremy_Raisman
recruit_character = RAJ_subhas_chanda_bose
recruit_character = RAJ_bahadur_jayla_of_khoch_bahur
recruit_character = RAJ_Jawaharlal_Nehru_advisor
recruit_character = RAJ_Gulzara_Singh
recruit_character = RAJ_Shah_Nawaz
recruit_character = RAJ_Lakshmi_Sahgal
create_country_leader = {
	name = "P. Krishna Pillai"
	desc = "POLITICS_P_KRISHNA_PILLAI_DESC"
	picture = "GFX_RAJ_krishna_pillai"
	expire = "1965.1.1"
	ideology = marxism
	traits = {
		
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "La Resistance"
	}
	create_operative_leader = {
		name = "Noor Inayat Khan"
		gfx = GFX_portrait_noor_inayat_khan
		traits = { operative_tough operative_linguist }
		bypass_recruitment = no
		available_to_spy_master = yes
		female = yes
		nationalities = { RAJ FRA }
	}
}
