capital = 272

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	etax_doctrine = 1
	camo = 1
	jngdst_clothes_gw = 1
	desertinfantry_at = 1		
}

set_convoys = 20

recruit_character = SEN_awt
recruit_character = SEN_acd2
recruit_character = SEN_nt
recruit_character = SEN_aco2
recruit_character = SEN_acas
recruit_character = SEN_acr
recruit_character = SEN_mt
recruit_character = SEN_stc
recruit_character = SEN_aa2
recruit_character = SEN_ncm
recruit_character = SEN_communist_guy
recruit_character = SEN_ncs
recruit_character = SEN_pot
recruit_character = SEN_nccr
recruit_character = SEN_fascist_guy
recruit_character = SEN_coi
recruit_character = SEN_ai2
recruit_character = SEN_democratic_guy
recruit_character = SEN_ar
recruit_character = SEN_acgs

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = democratic
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}

set_popularities = {
	democratic = 55
	fascism = 15
	communism = 5
	neutrality = 25
}
create_country_leader = { 
	name = "Amadou Lamine-Guèye"
	picture = "gfx/leaders/kr_generic/Portrait_Africa_Generic_new_7.dds"
	expire = "1965.1.1"
	ideology = socialism
	traits = {
		#
	}
}
create_country_leader = { #heir of noble family of ... well local slavers. Correspondant with  Universal Negro Improvement Association (UNIA), so maybe a bit panafricanist, apparently John Kamara represenative of the UNIA as a 'travelling commissioner' for West Africa
	name = "Armand-Pierre Angrand"
	picture = "gfx/leaders/kr_generic/Portrait_Africa_Generic_new_5.dds"
	expire = "1965.1.1"
	ideology = moderatism
	traits = {
		savvy_politician
	}
}