capital = 141	

oob = "SWE_1936"
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
		set_naval_oob = "SWE_1936_naval_mtg"
	else = {
		set_naval_oob = "SWE_1936_naval_legacy"
	}
}

recruit_character = SWE_per_albin_hansson
recruit_character = SWE_gosta_bagge
recruit_character = SWE_sven_olov_lindholm
recruit_character = SWE_sven_linderot
recruit_character = SWE_axel_pehrssonbramstorp
recruit_character = SWE_folke_hogberg
recruit_character = SWE_axel_wennergren
recruit_character = SWE_christian_gunther
recruit_character = SWE_carl_petersen
recruit_character = SWE_gunnar_bjurner
recruit_character = SWE_torsten_rapp
recruit_character = SWE_tage_erlander
recruit_character = SWE_per_engdahl
recruit_character = SWE_hilding_hagberg
recruit_character = SWE_stig_ericson
recruit_character = SWE_lennart_peyron
recruit_character = SWE_erik_af_edholm
recruit_character = SWE_claes_lindstrom
recruit_character = SWE_per_sylvan
recruit_character = SWE_gosta_ehrensvard
recruit_character = SWE_torsten_friis
#recruit_character = SWE_erik_palmstierna
recruit_character = SWE_helge_stromback
recruit_character = SWE_helge_jung
recruit_character = SWE_olof_thornell
recruit_character = SWE_bengt_nordenskiold
recruit_character = SWE_ivar_holmquist
recruit_character = SWE_fabian_tamm
recruit_character = SWE_charles_de_champs
recruit_character = SWE_axel_rappe
recruit_character = SWE_oscar_nygren
recruit_character = SWE_axel_ljungdahl
recruit_character = SWE_archibald_douglas
recruit_character = SWE_ernst_wigforss
recruit_character = SWE_thorwald_bergquist
recruit_character = SWE_osten_unden
recruit_character = SWE_folke_bernadotte
recruit_character = SWE_ernst_linder
recruit_character = SWE_arne_beurling
recruit_character = SWE_alf_lysholm
recruit_character = SWE_viking_tamm
recruit_character = SWE_thord_bonde
recruit_character = SWE_per_edvin_skold
recruit_character = SWE_nils_flyg
recruit_character = SWE_albin_strom
recruit_character = SWE_karl_kilbom
recruit_character = SWE_hugo_sillen
recruit_character = SWE_anton_nilsson
recruit_character = SWE_gustaf_adolf_v
recruit_character = SWE_gustaf_adolf_vi
set_convoys = 110
set_stability = 0.7 #Reduced Stability slightly as there was some political tension leading up to the years the game is set in. Also helps counteract the Stability bonus from high Party Popularity
set_war_support = 0.05 #Reduced War Support since the Swedish Government and majority of population was not interested in war.
set_research_slots = 4

add_ideas = {
	SWE_neutrality_idea_sweden
	SWE_kungen_gustaf_v_idea
	SWE_swedish_disarmament_idea
	SWE_swedish_german_trade_0_idea
	SWE_nationalist_military_garrisons_rebellious
}

country_event = { id = sweden_german_trade.1 days = 90 random_days = 10 } # EVENT ACTIVATING TRADE WITH GERMANY

set_technology = {

	# Extended Technologies
	etax_doctrine = 1
	camo = 1
	

	steel_production_1 = 1
	aluminum_production_1 = 1
	winter_clothes_gw = 1
	jaegers = 1


	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_antitank = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_engineers = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	formation_flying = 1 #added air doctrine battlefield support due to swedish 1934-35 tests
	basic_train = 1
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
		set_air_oob = "SWE_1936_air_bba"
		set_technology = {
			iw_small_airframe = 1
			iw_medium_airframe = 1
			aa_lmg = 1
			engines_1 = 1
			engines_2 = 1
			early_bombs = 1
		}
	else = {
		set_air_oob = "SWE_1936_air_legacy"
		set_technology = {
			CAS1 = 1
			early_fighter = 1
			naval_bomber1 = 1
		#	cv_naval_bomber1 = 1
			early_bomber = 1	
		}
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "La Resistance"
	}
	set_technology = {
		armored_car1 = 1
	}
	add_ideas = SWE_en_svensk_tiger_lar
}

if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = { has_dlc = "La Resistance" }
	}
	add_ideas = SWE_en_svensk_tiger
}

if = {
	limit = { not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" } }
	set_technology = {
		early_submarine = 1
		early_destroyer = 1
		basic_destroyer = 1
		early_light_cruiser = 1
		early_heavy_cruiser = 1
		transport = 1
		basic_submarine = 1 #VBNM
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	set_technology = {
		basic_naval_mines = 1
		submarine_mine_laying = 1
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		basic_ship_hull_light = 1
		early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		basic_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		basic_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		#basic_secondary_battery = 1
		basic_cruiser_armor_scheme = 1
		basic_torpedo = 1
		basic_depth_charges = 1
		coastal_defense_ships = 1
		mtg_transport = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = { has_dlc = "No Step Back" }
	}
	set_technology = {
		gwtank = 1
		basic_light_tank = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "No Step Back"
	}
	set_technology = {
		gwtank_chassis = 1
		basic_light_tank_chassis = 1
	}
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = democratic
	last_election = "1932.9.18"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 70
	fascism = 15
	communism = 10
	neutrality = 5
}


if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "La Resistance"
	}	
	create_operative_leader = {
		name = "Karin Lannby"
		gfx = GFX_portrait_europe_generic_operative_f_7
		traits = { operative_well_groomed  }
		bypass_recruitment = no
		available_to_spy_master = yes
		nationalities = { SWE SPR }
	}		
	create_operative_leader = {
		name = "Erika Wendt"
		gfx = GFX_portrait_europe_generic_operative_f_2
		traits = {  }
		bypass_recruitment = no
		available_to_spy_master = yes
		nationalities = { GER PRE }
	}					
}

if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "No Step Back"
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Stridsvagn m/21"
		type = light_tank_chassis_0
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			main_armament_slot = tank_heavy_machine_gun
			turret_type_slot = tank_light_one_man_tank_turret
			suspension_type_slot = tank_bogie_suspension
			armor_type_slot = tank_riveted_armor
			engine_type_slot = tank_gasoline_engine
		}
		upgrades = {
			tank_nsb_engine_upgrade = 2
			tank_nsb_armor_upgrade = 1
		}
		obsolete = yes #used for oob
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Stridsvagn m/31"
		type = light_tank_chassis_1
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			main_armament_slot = tank_small_cannon
			turret_type_slot = tank_light_two_man_tank_turret
			suspension_type_slot = tank_torsion_bar_suspension
			armor_type_slot = tank_welded_armor
			engine_type_slot = tank_gasoline_engine
			special_type_slot_1 = tank_radio_1
		}
		upgrades = {
			tank_nsb_armor_upgrade = 2
			tank_nsb_engine_upgrade = 3
		}
	}
}






### VARIANTS ###
# 1936 Start #
if = {
	limit = { not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" } }
	### Ship Variants ###
	######################################################################
	## VBNM Variants - remember to delete vanilla Draken
	######################################################################
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Dristigheten Class"
		type = heavy_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		upgrades = {
			ship_reliability_upgrade = 0
			ship_engine_upgrade = 0
			ship_armor_upgrade = 1
			ship_gun_upgrade = 1
		}
		obsolete=yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Äran Class"
		type = heavy_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		upgrades = {
			ship_reliability_upgrade = 0
			ship_engine_upgrade = 0
			ship_armor_upgrade = 1
			ship_gun_upgrade = 1
		}
		obsolete=yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Oscar II Class"
		type = heavy_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		upgrades = {
			ship_reliability_upgrade = 0
			ship_engine_upgrade = 0
			ship_armor_upgrade = 1
			ship_gun_upgrade = 1
		}
		obsolete=yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Gotland Class"
		type = light_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		upgrades = {
			ship_reliability_upgrade = 1
			ship_engine_upgrade = 1
			ship_gun_upgrade = 2
			ship_anti_air_upgrade = 3
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Örnen Class"
		type = destroyer_1
		parent_version = 0
		upgrades = {
			ship_torpedo_upgrade = 0
			destroyer_engine_upgrade = 0
			ship_ASW_upgrade = 0
			ship_anti_air_upgrade = 0
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Klas Horn Class"
		type = destroyer_1
		parent_version = 0
		upgrades = {
			ship_torpedo_upgrade = 2
			destroyer_engine_upgrade = 2
			ship_ASW_upgrade = 0
			ship_anti_air_upgrade = 2
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Bävern Class"
		type = submarine_1
		upgrades = {
			ship_reliability_upgrade = 1
			sub_engine_upgrade = 1
			sub_stealth_upgrade = 0
			sub_torpedo_upgrade = 0
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Valen Class"
		type = submarine_1
		upgrades = {
			ship_reliability_upgrade = 1
			sub_engine_upgrade = 0
			sub_stealth_upgrade = 0
			sub_torpedo_upgrade = 0
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Draken Class"
		type = submarine_1
		upgrades = {
			ship_reliability_upgrade = 1
			sub_engine_upgrade = 1
			sub_stealth_upgrade = 1
			sub_torpedo_upgrade = 1
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Delfinen Class"
		type = submarine_1
		upgrades = {
			ship_reliability_upgrade = 2
			sub_engine_upgrade = 1
			sub_stealth_upgrade = 2
			sub_torpedo_upgrade = 1
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	# Submarines #
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Hajen Class"					# represents Hajen and Bävern classes	
		type = ship_hull_submarine_1
		name_group = SWE_SS_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_1
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Valen Class"				
		type = ship_hull_submarine_1
		name_group = SWE_SS_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_1
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_mine_layer_sub
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Draken Class"				
		type = ship_hull_submarine_2
		name_group = SWE_SS_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_1
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
	}
	# Destroyers #
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Örnen Class"					# torpedo boats		
		type = ship_hull_light_1
		name_group = SWE_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Ehrensköld Class"				# represents Ehrensköld	and Klas Horn classes
		type = ship_hull_light_1
		name_group = SWE_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_mine_layer_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_depth_charge_1
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Clas Fleming Class"				# minelayer		
		type = ship_hull_light_1
		name_group = SWE_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_mine_layer_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_mine_layer_1
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Göteborg Class"	
		type = ship_hull_light_2
		name_group = SWE_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_2
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_mine_layer_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_depth_charge_1
		}
	}
	# Cruisers #
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Fylgia Class"				
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_coastal_defense_ship
		name_group = SWE_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_medium_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Äran Class"				
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_coastal_defense_ship
		name_group = SWE_CA_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_medium_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_2
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_2
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			mid_2_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Oscar II Class"				
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_coastal_defense_ship
		name_group = SWE_CA_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_medium_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			mid_2_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_medium_battery_1
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Sverige Class"				
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_coastal_defense_ship
		name_group = SWE_CA_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_medium_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_2
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_medium_battery_1
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Gotland Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_2
		name_group = SWE_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_medium_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_airplane_launcher_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "By Blood Alone"
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Svenska Jaktfalken" 
		type = small_plane_airframe_0
		modules = {
			fixed_main_weapon_slot = light_mg_2x
			engine_type_slot = engine_1_1x
			special_type_slot_1 = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
}