capital = 458

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
}

set_convoys = 20

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 40
	fascism = 3
	communism = 8
	neutrality = 49
}

add_ideas = {
	TUN_ahmad_ii_idea
}

recruit_character = TUN_abdelaziz_thaalbi
recruit_character = TUN_habib_bourguiba
recruit_character = TUN_ali_jrad
recruit_character = TUN_acgs
recruit_character = TUN_acr
recruit_character = TUN_stc
recruit_character = TUN_ncm
recruit_character = TUN_democratic_guy
recruit_character = TUN_communist_guy
recruit_character = TUN_coi
recruit_character = TUN_pot
recruit_character = TUN_aa2
recruit_character = TUN_awt
recruit_character = TUN_acas
recruit_character = TUN_mt
recruit_character = TUN_nccr
recruit_character = TUN_ai2
recruit_character = TUN_ncs
recruit_character = TUN_aco2
recruit_character = TUN_acd2
recruit_character = TUN_nt
recruit_character = TUN_ar
recruit_character = TUN_fascist_guy

#create_country_leader = {
	#name = "Ali Jrad"
	#desc = ""
	#picture = "gfx/leaders/PAL/Portrait_Arabia_Generic_2.dds"
	#ideology = leninism
	#traits = {
		#
	#}
#}
#create_country_leader = {
	#name = "Abdelaziz Thâalbi"
	#desc = ""
	#picture = "gfx/leaders/TUN/r56_portrait_TUN_Abdelaziz_Thaalbi.dds"
	#ideology = despotism
	#traits = {
		#
	#}
#}
#create_country_leader = {
	#name = "Habib Bourguiba"
	#desc = ""
	#picture = "gfx/leaders/TUN/r56_Portrait_Habib_Bourguiba.dds"
	#ideology = conservatism
	#traits = {
		#
	#}
#}