capital = 671 #Hanoi

oob = "VIN_1936"

set_convoys = 10
set_war_support = 0.5
set_stability = 0.6 
set_research_slots = 2

# Starting tech
# clone of France
set_technology = {

	# Extended Technologies
	etax_doctrine = 1
	camo = 1
		
	
	infantry_weapons = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
	set_technology = {
		iw_small_airframe = 1
		engines_1 = 1
		aa_lmg = 1
	}
	else = {
		set_technology = {
			early_fighter = 1
		}
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	}
	set_technology = {
		transport = 1
	}
}

if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
	}
	set_technology = {
		mtg_transport = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = { has_dlc = "No Step Back" }
	}
	set_technology = {
		gwtank = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "No Step Back"
	}
	set_technology = {
		gwtank_chassis = 1
	}
}

add_ideas = {
VIN_illiteracy
VIN_militias_based_army
}

### VARIABLES ###
set_variable = {
    var = VIN.ho_chi_minh_influence
    value = 2
}

set_variable = {
    var = VIN.la_lutte_influence
    value = 2
}

set_variable = {
    var = VIN.vnqdd_influence
    value = 1
}

set_variable = {
    var = VIN.cuong_de_influence
    value = 1
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = communism
	last_election = "1932.5.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 4
	fascism = 10
	communism = 63
	neutrality = 23
}

set_party_name = { 
    ideology = neutrality 
    long_name = VIN_nguyen_dynasty_neutrality_party_long 
    name = VIN_nguyen_dynasty_neutrality_party_long 
}

#Characters
recruit_character = VIN_nguyen_tuong_tam
recruit_character = VIN_ho_chi_minh
recruit_character = VIN_ta_thu_thau
recruit_character = VIN_cuong_de
recruit_character = VIN_bao_dai
recruit_character = VIN_vo_nguyen_giap
recruit_character = VIN_van_tien_dung
recruit_character = VIN_hoang_van_thai
recruit_character = VIN_ngo_dinh_diem
recruit_character = VIN_truong_chinh
recruit_character = VIN_tran_khanh_giu
recruit_character = VIN_truong_tu_anh
recruit_character = VIN_phan_boi_chau
recruit_character = VIN_nguyen_an_ninh
recruit_character = VIN_ha_huy_tap
recruit_character = VIN_anh_phan_van_hum
recruit_character = VIN_hoang_xuan_han
recruit_character = VIN_luu_van_lang
recruit_character = VIN_tran_trong_kim
recruit_character = VIN_tran_van_chuong
recruit_character = VIN_kha_vang_can

