capital = 107

if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = {
			has_dlc = "No Step Back"
		}
	}
	set_oob = "YUG_1936"
	set_technology = {
		gwtank = 1
	}
}

if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "No Step Back"
	}
	set_oob = "YUG_1936_nsb"
	set_technology = {
		gwtank_chassis = 1
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Renault M26/27"
		type = light_tank_chassis_0
		parent_version = 0
		icon = "gfx/interface/equipmentdesigner/tanks/designer/lamp_FRA/light_0/fra_nc27.dds"
		model = FRA_light_armor_entity
		modules = {
			main_armament_slot = tank_small_cannon
			turret_type_slot = tank_light_one_man_tank_turret
			special_type_slot_1 = additional_machine_guns
			suspension_type_slot = tank_christie_suspension
			armor_type_slot = tank_riveted_armor
			engine_type_slot = tank_gasoline_engine
		}
		upgrades = {
			tank_nsb_engine_upgrade = 3
			tank_nsb_armor_upgrade = 4
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
}

if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
		set_naval_oob = "YUG_1936_naval_mtg"
		set_technology = {
			basic_naval_mines = 1
			submarine_mine_laying = 1
			early_ship_hull_light = 1
			basic_ship_hull_light = 1
			early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
			basic_ship_hull_submarine = 1
			early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
			basic_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
			basic_battery = 1
			basic_torpedo = 1
			basic_depth_charges = 1
			coastal_defense_ships = 1
		}
	else = {
		set_naval_oob = "YUG_1936_naval_legacy"
		set_technology = {
			early_destroyer = 1
			early_light_cruiser = 1
			early_submarine = 1
		}
	}
}

if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
		set_air_oob = "YUG_1936_air_bba"
		set_technology = {
			iw_small_airframe = 1
			basic_small_airframe = 1
			engines_1 = 1
			engines_2 = 1
			aa_lmg = 1
			aa_cannon_1 = 1
			iw_medium_airframe = 1
			basic_medium_airframe = 1
			early_bombs = 1
			aircraft_construction = 1
		}
	else = {
		set_air_oob = "YUG_1936_air_legacy"
	}
}

set_stability = 0.48
set_war_support = 0.35
set_convoys = 20
set_research_slots = 4

recruit_character = YUG_milan_stojadinovic
recruit_character = YUG_prince_paul
recruit_character = YUG_ljubomir_davidovic
recruit_character = YUG_milan_grol
recruit_character = YUG_Dimitrije_ljotic
recruit_character = YUG_milan_nedic
recruit_character = YUG_josip_broz_tito
recruit_character = YUG_vladimir_Cukavac
recruit_character = YUG_ivan_gosnjak
recruit_character = YUG_danilo_kalafatovic
recruit_character = YUG_milutin_nedic
recruit_character = YUG_petar_kosic
recruit_character = YUG_josef_depre
recruit_character = YUG_marijan_polic
recruit_character = YUG_borivoje_mirkovic
recruit_character = YUG_dusan_simovic
recruit_character = YUG_draza_mihailovic
recruit_character = YUG_petar_vukcevic
recruit_character = YUG_ljubomir_maric
recruit_character = YUG_arso_jovanovic
recruit_character = YUG_slobodan_jovanovic
recruit_character = YUG_milovan_djilas
recruit_character = YUG_ivan_ribar
recruit_character = YUG_ivo_lola_ribar
recruit_character = YUG_mosa_pijade
recruit_character = YUG_ivo_andric	
recruit_character = YUG_vladko_macek	
recruit_character = YUG_ivan_subasic	
recruit_character = YUG_mehmed_spaho	
recruit_character = YUG_anton_korosec	
recruit_character = YUG_leon_rupnik
recruit_character = YUG_rikard_salher
recruit_character = YUG_franjo_vucer
recruit_character = YUG_pavle_savic
recruit_character = YUG_bozo_zarkovic
recruit_character = YUG_sava_kovacevic	
recruit_character = YUG_viktor_bubanj	
recruit_character = YUG_zdenko_uzelic	
recruit_character = YUG_andrija_bozanic
recruit_character = YUG_juraj_bonaci
recruit_character = YUG_peter_ii
recruit_character = YUG_julijan_luterotti
recruit_character = YUG_milan_kostic
recruit_character = YUG_dusan_trifunovic
recruit_character = YUG_milojko_jankovic
recruit_character = YUG_jovan_naumovic
recruit_character = YUG_peko_dapcevic
recruit_character = YUG_velimir_terzic
recruit_character = YUG_slavko_rodic
recruit_character = YUG_koca_popovic
recruit_character = YUG_dusan_kveder
recruit_character = YUG_milutin_moraca
recruit_character = YUG_gojko_nikolis
recruit_character = YUG_josip_grubelic
recruit_character = YUG_ugljesa_popovic
recruit_character = YUG_dragisa_cvetkovic

add_ideas = {
	YUG_prince_paul
	anti_german_military
	YUG_idea_croatian_opposition
	YUG_idea_macedonian_opposition
	YUG_idea_slovene_nationalism
	YUG_idea_serbian_general_staff
	r56_YUG_little_entente
	r56_ROM_balkan_pact
	limited_conscription
	limited_exports
}

set_technology = {

	# Extended Technologies
	etax_doctrine = 1
	camo = 1
	
	tech_support = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	interwar_antitank = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	trench_warfare = 1
	basic_train = 1
	tech_trucks = 1
	synth_oil_experiments = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
	fuel_refining = 1
	steel_production_1 = 1
	aluminum_production_1 = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1

}

if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "La Resistance"
	}
	set_technology = {
		armored_car1 = 1
	}
	create_operative_leader = {
		name = "Vera Pešić"
		GFX = GFX_Portrait_Operative_EuropeFemale11
		traits = { operative_double_agent operative_seducer operative_escape_artist }
		bypass_recruitment = no
		available_to_spy_master = yes
		female = yes
		nationalities = { YUG GER ENG FRA }
	}
	create_operative_leader = {
		name = "Tomauševa Kovačić"
		GFX = GFX_Portrait_Operative_EuropeFemale7
		traits = { operative_double_agent operative_tough }
		bypass_recruitment = no
		available_to_spy_master = yes
		female = yes
		nationalities = { YUG GER AUS }
	}
	create_operative_leader = {
		name = "Emil Vedan"
		GFX = GFX_Portrait_Operative_EuropeMale7
		traits = { operative_double_agent operative_infiltrator operative_tough }
		bypass_recruitment = no
		available_to_spy_master = yes
		nationalities = { YUG GER AUS }
	}
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1935.5.3"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}

set_popularities = {
	democratic = 37
	fascism = 5
	communism = 2
	neutrality = 56
}

set_party_name = { 
	ideology = neutrality
	name = YUG_JRZ_neutrality_party
	long_name = YUG_JRZ_neutrality_party_long
}

set_party_name = { 
	ideology = fascism
	name = YUG_ZBR_fascism_party
	long_name = YUG_ZBR_fascism_party_long
}

if = {	#missing R56 before Dec '22, causing Yugoslavia to never be invited
	limit = {
		#has_dlc = Battle for the Bosporus
	}
	add_opinion_modifier = { 
		target = GRE
		modifier = BFTB_balkan_pact_ally
	}
	add_opinion_modifier = { 
		target = ROM
		modifier = BFTB_balkan_pact_ally
	}
	add_opinion_modifier = { 
		target = TUR
		modifier = BFTB_balkan_pact_ally
	}
	add_opinion_modifier = { 
		target = BUL
		modifier = BFTB_balkan_pact_enemy
	}
	add_opinion_modifier = { 
		target = HUN
		modifier = BFTB_balkan_pact_enemy
	}
}

# Death Events

country_event = { id = r56_yugoslavia_deaths.1 days = 1510 hours = 12 } # Ljubomir Davidovic
country_event = { id = r56_yugoslavia_deaths.2 days = 1809 hours = 12 } # Anton Korosec
country_event = { id = r56_yugoslavia_deaths.3 days = 1275 hours = 12 } # Mehmed Spaho

# Misc Events 

country_event = { id = r56_yugoslavia.1 days = 1496 hours = 12 } # Milan Stojadinovic removed from PM

### VARIANTS ###
# 1936 Start #
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "By Blood Alone"
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Ikarus IK-2" #
		type = small_plane_airframe_1
		modules = {
			fixed_main_weapon_slot = aircraft_cannon_1_1x
			fixed_auxiliary_weapon_slot_1 = light_mg_2x
			engine_type_slot = engine_2_1x
			special_type_slot_1 = empty
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Ikarus-25" #
		type = small_plane_cas_airframe_0
		modules = {
			fixed_main_weapon_slot = bomb_locks
			fixed_auxiliary_weapon_slot_1 = light_mg_2x 
			engine_type_slot = engine_1_1x
			special_type_slot_1 = lmg_defense_turret
		}
		icon = "GFX_GEN_bomber_P25_medium"
	}	
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Avia BH-33E" #
		type = small_plane_airframe_0
		modules = {
			fixed_main_weapon_slot = light_mg_2x 
			fixed_auxiliary_weapon_slot_1 = light_mg_2x 
			engine_type_slot = engine_1_1x
			special_type_slot_1 = empty
		}
		icon = "GFX_GEN_bomber_P25_medium"
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Ikarus-IO" #
		type = medium_plane_airframe_0
		modules = {
			fixed_main_weapon_slot = medium_bomb_bay
			engine_type_slot = engine_1_2x
			special_type_slot_1 = flying_boat_medium
			special_type_slot_2 = lmg_defense_turret
		}
		icon = "GFX_ENG_iw_large_airframe_medium"
		obsolete = yes
	}
}

if = {
	limit = { not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" } }
	### Ship Variants ###
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Dalmacija Class"
		type = light_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		upgrades = {
			ship_reliability_upgrade = 0
			ship_engine_upgrade = 1
			ship_gun_upgrade = 1
			ship_anti_air_upgrade = 2
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Smeli Class"
		type = submarine_1
		parent_version = 0
		upgrades = {
			ship_reliability_upgrade = 1
			sub_engine_upgrade = 0
			sub_stealth_upgrade = 0
			sub_torpedo_upgrade = 1
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Hrabri Class"				
		type = submarine_1
		parent_version = 0
		upgrades = {
			ship_reliability_upgrade = 1
			sub_engine_upgrade = 0
			sub_stealth_upgrade = 0
			sub_torpedo_upgrade = 1
		}
	}
	# Destroyers #
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Beograd Class"				
		type = destroyer_2
		parent_version = 0
		upgrades = {
			ship_torpedo_upgrade = 3
			destroyer_engine_upgrade = 3
			ship_ASW_upgrade = 3
			ship_anti_air_upgrade = 3
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Dubrovnik Class"				
		type = destroyer_2
		parent_version = 0
		upgrades = {
			ship_torpedo_upgrade = 3
			destroyer_engine_upgrade = 2
			ship_ASW_upgrade = 1
			ship_anti_air_upgrade = 3
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Trieste Class"				
		type = destroyer_1
		parent_version = 0
		upgrades = {
			ship_torpedo_upgrade = 0
			destroyer_engine_upgrade = 1
			ship_ASW_upgrade = 0
			ship_anti_air_upgrade = 1
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Galeb Class"				
		type = destroyer_1
		parent_version = 0
		upgrades = {
			ship_torpedo_upgrade = 1
			destroyer_engine_upgrade = 1
			ship_ASW_upgrade = 2
			ship_anti_air_upgrade = 1
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Zmaj Class"	
		type = light_cruiser_2
		parent_version = 0
		upgrades = {
			ship_reliability_upgrade = 0
			ship_engine_upgrade = 1
			ship_gun_upgrade = 1
			ship_anti_air_upgrade = 2
		}
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	# Submarines #
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Hrabri Class"				
		type = ship_hull_submarine_2
		name_group = YUG_SS_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_1
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_1
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Smeli Class"				
		type = ship_hull_submarine_2
		name_group = YUG_SS_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_1
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_1
		}
	}
	# Destroyers #
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Trieste Class"				
		type = ship_hull_light_1
		name_group = YUG_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Galeb Class"				
		type = ship_hull_light_1
		name_group = YUG_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_mine_layer_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_anti_air_1
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Malinska Class"				
		type = ship_hull_light_1
		name_group = YUG_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_mine_layer_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_mine_sweeper_1
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Orjen Class"				
		type = ship_hull_light_2
		name_group = YUG_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_2
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_2
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {	
		name = "Beograd Class"					
		type = ship_hull_light_2
		name_group = YUG_DD_HISTORICAL
		allow_without_tech = yes
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_2
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_1
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_2
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_2
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_light_battery_2
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_light_battery_2
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Dubrovnik Class"				
		type = ship_hull_light_2
		name_group = YUG_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_2
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = ship_sonar_1
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_2
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_light_battery_2
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_depth_charge_1
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Trieste Class"				
		type = ship_hull_light_1
		name_group = YUG_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Galeb Class"				
		type = ship_hull_light_1
		name_group = YUG_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_mine_layer_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_anti_air_1
		}
	}
	# Cruisers #
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Dalmacija Class"				
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = YUG_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_2
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			mid_2_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
			front_1_custom_slot = ship_anti_air_2
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Zmaj Class"	
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_2
		name_group = YUG_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_2
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_light_battery_2
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_anti_air_2
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_light_battery_2
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Zmaj Class"	
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_2
		name_group = YUG_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_2
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_2
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_airplane_launcher_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
			front_1_custom_slot = ship_anti_air_1
		}
	}
}
